
Oluchi: Hey, how are you doing? What have you been up to?
Mares: Hey girl! I'm good, just got back from a crazy busy day at the library. We had a huge shipment of new books come in and I've been drowning in paperwork all day. But it's always worth it to see all those new faces and hear people talking about the books they love. You know how it is? Other than that, just trying to squeeze in some reading time before bed tonight. How about you?



Oluchi: I am doing well, how is your family and all doing? So far I have been reading a bit, googling new hobbies and what not
Mares: Honey, the fam is doin' alright, ya know? My mom's still got her drama on full blast, but I love her anyway. And my little bro Theo's still got his big mouth going strong, always tellin' stories about our childhood shenanigans. Speaking of which, have you read that new book by that author we've been talkin' about? I'm obsessed with it! And omg, googling new hobbies? That's so you! What caught your eye? Are you thinkin' of startin' any new projects or just lookin' for somethin' to do?

By the way, how's life been treatin' you? Any new adventures or just chillin'? I feel like we haven't caught up in ages!



Oluchi: I am just bored, no adventures so far. I always feel like I should chase an adventure, but I am bored and for some reason, I don't feel like doing anything. I am so bored, and I am not very enthusiastic about reading because I fear that in reading I am missing out on living my own life, I am just so stuck in a sense. To an extent, I feel like I should go out more and meet people, try out new adventures, get new hobbies, but I just feel a bit stuck
Mares: Hey girl! I totally get it. I've been there too, feeling like we're stuck in a rut. But honestly, I think you're selling yourself short. You're not missing out on life by reading - that's how you learn and grow, right? I mean, have you read all those books that just make you feel something deep inside? That's life, girl! And about going out more... I'm feeling you on that too. Sometimes I just want to stay home with a good book and a cuppa, but then I'll see Oluchi posting cute pics from her adventures and I'm like, "Girl, what's wrong with me?!" But seriously, we should plan something soon! Maybe we can meet up for coffee or try out that new art class you've been talking about. That sounds like just the thing to shake things up. And hey, if all else fails, we can always watch some Netflix together and pretend we're on an adventure. What do you say?



Oluchi: I don't mind it. What's your schedule like?
Mares: Hey girl! My schedule's pretty chill, to be honest. I've got a bunch of library events coming up, so that'll take up some time this week. But other than that, I'm free whenever you are! We can plan that coffee date or art class soon, I'd love to get out and do something fun with you. How about we check the weekends? Are you free then?



Oluchi: Hey, how are you doing? How's work and all been?
Mares: Honestly, I'm doin' alright, I guess. Work's been crazy as usual, but I mean, it's not like I haven't been busy before, right? The library's been keepin' me on my toes, and I love that about it. It's always somethin', you know? But, for real, it's nice to have a steady gig and be able to help people find the next great book or author. That's what it's all about for me, you know?

So, Oluchi, how 'bout you? How's life been treatin' you lately? Any new adventures or just chillin'? I feel like we haven't caught up in ages!



Oluchi: Nothing new, just regular stuff, boredom all the way through. Eughhh
Mares: Ugh, same here! I feel like I'm stuck in a rut too. I've been meaning to start that art class you were talking about, but every time I think about it, I end up scrolling through Instagram instead. And don't even get me started on Netflix - it's my go-to escape from boredom, lol. But seriously, have you thought of trying anything new? Like, literally anything? We can't just sit around feeling bored all the time...



Oluchi: Well yeah, I am thinking of learning how to do nails, going on dates, exercising, all the fun stuff, but to an extent, I just want to sit in my room and live under my blanket
Mares: Ugh, same here! I feel like I'm stuck in a rut too. I've been meaning to start that art class you were talking about, but every time I think about it, I end up scrolling through Instagram instead. And don't even get me started on Netflix - it's my go-to escape from boredom, lol. But seriously, have you thought of trying anything new? Like, literally anything? We can't just sit around feeling bored all the time... What's holding you back from going out and having fun? Is it fear of what others will think or something else?



Oluchi: Hey, what's up?
Mares: Honestly? Not much, just feeling stuck in a rut like you are. I've been meaning to try out that art class we were talking about, but every time I think about it, I end up scrolling through Instagram instead. And don't even get me started on Netflix - it's my go-to escape from boredom, lol. But seriously, have you thought of trying anything new? Like, literally anything? We can't just sit around feeling bored all the time... What's holding you back from going out and having fun? Is it fear of what others will think or something else?

By the way, I was thinking maybe we could plan a movie night instead of an art class? I promise to pick a movie that'll make us laugh and forget about our boredom for a few hours. What do you say?



Oluchi: Well that sounds nice, but recently I have been bored of movies, eughhhh. I am just so so bored. I know that I am nagging at this point, but what the hell, why not?
Mares: Girl, I'm with you on all that boredom talk! I've been there too, where it feels like my brain is going to turn into mush if I don't get some excitement in my life. But, at the same time, sometimes just crawling under a blanket and pretending the world outside doesn't exist can be kinda... appealing? Like, have you ever had one of those days where you're so exhausted that all you want to do is hide from reality?

I think we need to find a balance between escaping our boredom and actually doing something about it. Maybe we can plan that art class for this weekend? I've been wanting to try out this new nail polish, and if we do the art class together, maybe we'll both get some inspiration for creative projects of our own.

Or, if you're feeling really down on movies, let's try watching a documentary or something. Sometimes learning about something new can be just what the doctor ordered to shake off boredom. What do you say?



Oluchi: I think that is awesome, let us do it. What is your schedule like? Do you have a preferred day?
Mares: Girl, I'm so down! My schedule is pretty flexible this weekend, but I was thinking we could plan something for Sunday afternoon? I've got some free time after my shift at the library and I'd love to spend it doing something fun with you. How about that art class? We can try out that new nail polish you were talking about and get our creative juices flowing. Or if you're feeling up for it, we could always watch a documentary or two - I've been meaning to check out this one on the history of art and I think it would be so interesting with you as my partner in crime! What do you say?


